feat(gatsby-recipes): add local dev instructions for gatsby-recipes (#23613)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-recipes/README.md

https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/issues/22991

> ## Get setup for running Recipes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get set up for running Recipes
```

> Recipes is a new rapidly developing feature. To use it, upgrade the global gatsby-cli package to the latest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recipes is a new rapidly developing feature. To use it, upgrade your global gatsby-cli package to the latest.
```

> To run a remote recipe, just paste in the path to the recipe e.g. `gatsby recipes https://example.com/sweet-recipe.mdx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run a remote recipe, copy the path to the recipe and run it e.g. 
```shell
gatsby recipes https://example.com/sweet-recipe.mdx
```
```

### `<NPMPackage>`

`<NPMPackage name="lodash" version="latest" />`

#### props

- **name**: name of the package(s) to install. Takes a string or an array of strings.
- **version**: defaults to latest
- **dependencyType**: defaults to `production`. Other options include `development`

### `<NPMScript>`

`<NPMScript name="test" command="jest" />`

#### props

- **name:** name of the command
- **command** the command that's run when the script is called

### `<File>`

<File path="test.md" content="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KyleAMathews/test-recipes/master/gatsby-recipe-jest.mdx" />

#### props

- **path** path to the file that should be created. The path is local to the root of the Node.js project (where the package.json is)
- **content** URL to the content that should be written to the path. Eventually we'll support directly putting content here after some fixes to MDX.

> Note that this content is stored in a [GitHub gist](https://gist.github.com/). When linking to a gist you'll want to click on the "Raw" button and copy the URL from that page.

> ## How to setup development environment to work on Gatsby Recipes core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to set up your development environment to work on Gatsby Recipes core
```

> First [follow the instructions on setting up a local Gatsby dev environment](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/setting-up-your-local-dev-environment/).

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing, first implies there are more steps?

Author: Moved it around so it made more sense

### Resources

> If you want to fix a bug in a resource or extend it in some way, typically you'll be working against their tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to fix a bug in a resource or extend it in some way, typically you'll be working against the tests for that resource.
```

> Start in the terminal a jest watch process against the resource you're working on e.g. for GatsbyPlugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your terminal, start a jest watch process against the resource you're working on e.g. for GatsbyPlugin:
```

> ```js

Reviewer: This is js code, but above we're talking about your terminal. Where does this code live and what is the command for running it?

Author: Should have been bash. Fixed now.

GATSBY_RECIPES_NO_COLOR=true jest --testPathPattern "src/.*plugin.test" --watch
```

You can create test recipes that you run in a test site. You'll need to [use `gatsby-dev-cli` for this.](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/contributing/setting-up-your-local-dev-environment/#gatsby-functional-changes).

One note, as you'll be testing changes to the Gatsby CLI — instead of running the global gatsby-cli package (i.e. what you'd
run by typing `gatsby`, you'll want to run the version copied over by `gatsby-dev-cli` by running `./node_modules/.bin/gatsby`.

### Official recipes

> MDX source for the official recipes are at https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-recipes/recipes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MDX source for the official recipes lives at [https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-recipes/recipes](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-recipes/recipes).
```

We welcome PRs for new recipes and fixes/improvements to existing recipes.

> When you add a new recipe, please also add it to the recipes list at https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/05151c006974b7636b00f0cd608fac89ddaa1c08/packages/gatsby-recipes/src/cli.js#L60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add a new recipe, please also add it to the recipes list at [https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/05151c006974b7636b00f0cd608fac89ddaa1c08/packages/gatsby-recipes/src/cli.js#L60](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/05151c006974b7636b00f0cd608fac89ddaa1c08/packages/gatsby-recipes/src/cli.js#L60).
```
